.TH "wkline" 1 "March 2014" "beta" "wkline man page"

.SH "NAME"
wkline \- WebKit-based statusline for tiling window managers

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B wkline [-c
.I config-file
.B ] [-h
.I height
.B ] [-p
.I position
.B ] [-s
.I screen
.B ] [-t
.I theme-uri
.B ]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B wkline
is a statusline plugin that launches a plain GTK window with a WebKit WebView
pointing to a static HTML file containing the statusline. It provides a smooth
looking statusline with CSS transitions and effects and the possibility of having a
blurred background without a desktop compositor running.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "-c config-file"
Read configuration options from the specified \fIconfig-file\fP. \fIconfig-file\fP
overrides \fIWKLINE_CONFIG_PATH\fP and any system-wide and per-user configuration
files. The file must exist and be valid JSON.
.IP "-h height"
Set the height of the statusline in pixels.
.IP "-p position"
Set the statusline position. Valid options are \fItop\fP and \fIbottom\fP.
.IP "-s screen"
Define which screen the statusline appears on.
.IP "-t theme-uri"
Set the URI for a theme HTML file. Must be a valid URI, i.e. local files must be
prefixed with \fIfile://\fP.

.SH "WINDOW MANAGER SUPPORT"
.TP 10
.B bspwm
supported; requires bspwm to be configured to reserve space with \fIbspc config
top_padding 24\fP.
.TP
.B dwm
supported; requires the dwm built-in bar to be enabled and set to the same position
and height as wkline, wkline will be placed on top of the dwm bar.
.TP
.B i3wm
supported
.TP
.B monsterwm
supported
.TP
.B qtile
supported; requires a recent version, support for the required EWMH properties was
implemented in qtile revision 02fd471.

.SH "FILES"
.I /etc/xdg/wkline/config.json
.RS
System-wide configuration file. See
.BR wkline (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.config/wkline/config.json
.RS
Per-user configuration file. See
.BR wkline (5)
for further details.

.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.IP WKLINE_CONFIG_PATH
Full path of an alternate \fIconfig.json\fP. This variable overrides any system-wide
and per-user configuration files, but does not override the \fI-c\fP command-line
argument. The file must exist and be valid JSON.

.SH "ISSUES"
See the issue tracker at
.I https://github.com/Lokaltog/wkline/issues

.SH "AUTHOR"
Kim Silkebækken <kim.silkebaekken@gmail.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR wkline (5)
